full spelling and grammar check/and correction (#71)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/millennium-os/index.md

# MillenniumOS - An "Operations System" for RepRapFirmware

> MillenniumOS is an add-on for RepRapFirmware 3.5+ that implements high-level functionality for work-piece probing, tool changes, and toolsetting, aiming to make Millennium Machines the simplest route for novice machinists to make their first cuts confidently and safely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MillenniumOS is an add-on for RepRapFirmware 3.5+ that implements high-level functionality for work-piece probing, tool changes, toolsetting, and spindle and coolant control. It aims to provide an intuitive platform for novice machinists to make their first cuts confidently and safely on a Millennium Machine.
```
